---
layout: default
language: "en"
title:  "The Path"
date:   2017-03-21 10:57:01 -0600
description: "From “Why?” to “Why not?” to “The Path”. See how I ended choosing Art Direction."
keywords: art-direction design
permalink: /the-path/
image:
  cover: "thepath.cover.png"
  height: 1425
  width: 2430
custom-css: "the-path"
---

<main>
  <article class='content'>
    <section class='post__cover'>
      <h1 class='post__title'>The Path</h1>
    </section>
    <section class='post'>
      <h2 class='post__heading'>The Story</h2>
      <p>How can I have a space on Internet with a design always <em>up-to-date</em>? No, you can’t. I would like to make just one design to my blog and never have the neccesity to do a redesign. Serious, what are you talking about? Why people who write technical blog posts doesn’t care about design? Because content is the king, I know. I would like to write about everything I know and help people to understand difficult topics. If I want to be a great designer how can I communicate my ideas?</p>
      <blockquote class='post__quote'><p>I want to help people by teaching them skills, so they can go out there and rock the world.</p></blockquote>
      <p>When I was learning on the web I felt in love with people who write technical posts, and I wanted to have my own space. I started designing everything, the “archive page”, the “about section”, and the “article page” as mainly sections. Once it was finished I was so proud of my work and start coding. Well, that process took a long. And, when I was done with the design, something in my head replied: “Really? That bullshit?”. And process started over. And over. And over. Seriously, I designed my blog like 30 times, and coded like 20 times in the past two years. Even some designs didn’t made it.</p>
      <p>I was so frustrated that my design–feeling doesn’t convinced me at all. So, one day I found a guy who didn’t have a regular post design —yes, he sometimes wrote shitty articles, but other times, well designed beautiful articles— and he call it “Art Direction”. First impression was: “What. The. Hell.” Therefore, I realized that I was looking for something like that to improve my blog. Immediately I deeped into “Art Direction”. I had no idea I needed it but as soon as I started reading I knew it was love at first time. I have to confess, I had A LOT pillow talks. And so, one night, the idea came to me, finally. Insecurity was stopping me. But Art Direction saved me.</p>
      <p>My technical blog will be an Art Directed Blog. Are you sure? <em>Yes.</em> Really? Technical posts? <em>Yes!</em> Is that even possible? <em>Course yes!</em> That’s my main goal. Create beautiful content to teach technical stuff, also translate everything into spanish.</p>
      <p>Keep in touch. You have no idea how amazing this gonna be.</p>
    </section>
  </article>
  <footer>
    <small>The Grid Report is a publication by Yair.</small>
  </footer>
</main>
